# Salt-and-Pepper-Robots
Github for ECEN 403 project for the Wisenbaker Pepper Robots. 
The Wisenbaker Pepper Robots are a pair of humanoid robots that accommodate visitors of the Wisenbaker Engineering Building (WEB) on the campus of Texas A&M University. The goal of this project is to provide an alternative and innovative way to provide helpful information and interactive tours to visitors within the WEB building. The two robots will be able to successfully serve the roles of a tour guide and information assistant to visitors of the ECE department.  
The first robot, Salt, will primarily remain in the main foyer greeting visitors and conversing with them about the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department. The second robot, Pepper, will have the main purpose of giving groups of visitors a tour of the lab containing ECE projects. The mapping and tour functionality will also allow for the robots to give an interactive and informative tour without drawing any students and staff away from their lab work. They will be mobile, make gestures, communicate with each other, and interact with human users. All users will be able to interact with the robots via the tablet. This will be a clear interface with explicit instructions that allow the user to make an informed decision. Users will also be greeted vocally by the robots and will be expected to respond accordingly. 
If the robots do not understand, their LEDs will light different colors indicating to the user that it does not understand, a feature included with the robots. Likewise, it will indicate a specific LED color for accurate understanding. The interaction should leave no room for question to the user, as it will mimic human interaction. These interactive abilities that imitate human conversation will improve the overall experience for guests visiting the electrical engineering department. 
